Docs: Convert Event organizer to RST (#335)
mautic/mautic-community-handbook: docs/teams/community_team/community_team.rst

Everyone who

* Contributed code or content to Mautic
* Visited a website to ask for Mautic support

> * Is interested in Mautic, even without ever contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Has an interested in Mautic, even without ever contributing
```

Maybe this will be OK with Vale?

Author: Vale accepts this. 😉
